You traitors
It's too late to say that now
Great Elder, I still advise you
Hand over the antelope kid to me
You can't even think of catching the sect master
Unless you step over my corpse
Tianzong has been raising a bunch of waste all these years
A big elder of Tianzong is about this
you
But caught that messy kid for me
I'd like to see it today
What is the origin of this kid?
I don't know what this guy is thinking.
When can you still sleep?
Mingyang
My master has come up with Lei Linzong's god kill
Today is your day of death
You are also worthy to call your deity's name meeting directly
Boy, don't be complacent that the eldest elder has been suppressed
No one can protect you now
The Holy Father really wants to protect this waste
What does it have to do with you?
It's just a marriage contract
If he dies, I can also marry you on behalf of Tianzong
You don't deserve it.
The rest is our Tianzong family business
Are you really going to intervene?
Come on, I'll buy you some time
I could have given you three points before.
But this time, behind me is the Thunder Cloud Sect
If you don't leave now
Don't blame me for letting go of the flower-inducing adoption
This time I'm really going to be killed by you.
overreach